Human to Agent Interface - only communication protocol aspects are in… (#21)
jdrosen/aiproto-wg: Charter_Merge.md

Since AI agents can operate independently, and their LLMs can hallucinate, including the hallucination of tool use. This introduces risk when an AI Agent erroneously performs actions on a user's behalf. Techniques for mitigation—primarily through verifiable user approvals are critical.

> The scope of the working group is agent-to-agent and agent-to-tools communication protocols. The working group will document common use-cases to derive requirements for the protocol. Human-agent communication protocols — specifically the protocol-level mechanisms for establishing sessions, negotiating modalities, and exchanging multimodal data between a human user and an AI Agent — are in scope. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scope of the working group includes agent-to-agent and agent-to-tools communication protocols. The working group will document common use-cases to derive requirements for these protocols. Human-agent communication protocols — specifically the protocol-level mechanisms for establishing sessions, negotiating modalities, and exchanging multimodal data between a human user and an AI Agent — are also in scope. 
```
